Ma'am, all evidence has been cleared.
Not divided.
Well done.
The little man.
Even though this has been resolved.
But we still can't get Wu Fang back.
At that time I will re-register a company.
Digging all the famous hosts of their families to come here.
Or is it a foster mother?
As a result, his company is left with an empty shell.
In three days the emperor's conference will be a joke.
Leave this to you.
Don't worry, lady.
It certainly won't disappoint the lady.
Master, Master is not good.
That bastard Li Dong Yuan.
Bring all the company's famous hosts to the second young man's newly established host company.
It's okay, they can dig people up.
Can we dig too?
But now there's only three days until the online red conference.
It's not easy to find a celebrity host in three days.
What does conventional anchoring mean?
If you want to dig, dig for the big star.
Big star
Hey, sir.
Are there any stars now willing to give a discount to be the host?
More money is useless.
Don't try how to know
So you can contact Bach Xiaowi's representative first and tell him I have a big project to find them to cooperate with.
Will the young man not get sick again?
Bach Xiaowi is the top superstar emperor in the entertainment world.
Even ordinary stars don't want to lower their prices to be hosts.
How could he agree?
Hey, what are you doing?